Add E3SM submodule, remove MPAS-Model submodules (#124)
MPAS-Dev/compass: docs/ocean/test_cases/isomip_plus_at_lanl.rst

   export I_MPI_CXX=icpc
   export I_MPI_F77=ifort
   export I_MPI_F90=ifort

>    export

Reviewer: same thing here.

Author: ```suggestion
```

   git logg

> We don't start off on ``E3SM-Project/E3SM/ocean/develop`` (even though the

Reviewer: Is there still an `ocean/develop` branch in E3SM?  Maybe I haven't been paying close enough attention.

Author: ```suggestion
We don't start off on ``E3SM-Project/E3SM/master`` (even though the
```
